Introduction of release notes and applied resolved comments in #2052 (#2068)
uxlfoundation/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.8.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added support of host policies for ``histogram`` algorithms.

> - Added support for specification of a size limit for the output range in the range-based ``merge`` algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a undersized output range in the range-based ``merge`` algorithm.
```
That is based on my understanding of the update - it did not change API for "specifying" any size limit, it changed the implementation to work correctly if the output range is too small to include all elements of the input.

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.8.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added support of host policies for ``histogram`` algorithms.
- Added support for an undersized output range in the range-based ``merge`` algorithm.
- Improved performance of the ``merge`` and sorting algorithms
  (``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key``) that rely on Merge sort [#fnote1]_,
  with device policies for large data sizes.
- Improved performance of ``copy``, ``fill``, ``for_each``, ``replace``, ``reverse``, ``rotate``, ``transform`` and 30+
  other algorithms with device policies on GPUs.

> - Improved oneDPL use with SYCL implementations other than Intel oneDPI DPC++/C++ compiler.

Author: Done.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed an issue with ``drop_view`` in the experimental range-based API.
- Fixed compilation errors in ``find_if`` and ``find_if_not`` with device policies where the user provided predicate is
  device copyable but not trivially copyable.
- Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions for several algorithms when compiled with ``-O0`` and executed
  on a GPU device.
- Fixed an issue preventing inclusion of the ``<numeric>`` header after ``<execution>`` and ``<algorithm>`` headers.
- Fixed several issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms that:

   * Allows the use of non-trivially-copyable comparators.

>    * Eliminates duplicate kernel names

Author: Done.

   * Resolves incorrect results on devices with sub-group sizes smaller than four.
   * Resolved synchronization errors that were seen on Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU devices.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V with data
  sizes of 4-8 million elements.
- ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms fail to compile
  when using Clang 17 and earlier versions, as well as compilers based on these versions,

>   such as Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2023.2.0.

Author: Done.

> - When compiling code that uses device execution policies with the open source oneAPI DPC++ Compiler (clang++ driver),

Author: ```suggestion
- When compiling code that uses device policies with the open source oneAPI DPC++ Compiler (clang++ driver),
```
Using "device policies" to be consistent with wording used above.

  synchronous SYCL runtime exceptions regarding unfound kernels may be encountered unless an optimization flag is

>   specified (e.g. ``-O1``) as opposed to relying on the compiler's default optimization level.

Author: Done.

  with device policies for large data sizes.
- Improved performance of ``copy``, ``fill``, ``for_each``, ``replace``, ``reverse``, ``rotate``, ``transform`` and 30+
  other algorithms with device policies on GPUs.
- Improved oneDPL use with SYCL implementations other than Intel oneDPI DPC++/C++ compiler.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed an issue with ``drop_view`` in the experimental range-based API.
- Fixed compilation errors in ``find_if`` and ``find_if_not`` with device policies where the user provided predicate is
  device copyable but not trivially copyable.
- Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions for several algorithms when compiled with ``-O0`` and executed
  on a GPU device.
- Fixed an issue preventing inclusion of the ``<numeric>`` header after ``<execution>`` and ``<algorithm>`` headers.
- Fixed several issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms that:

   * Allows the use of non-trivially-copyable comparators.
   * Eliminates duplicate kernel names
   * Resolves incorrect results on devices with sub-group sizes smaller than four.

>    * Resolved synchronization errors that were seen on Intel® Arc™ B-series GPUs.

Reviewer 2: Previous [note ](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDPL/pull/2068#discussion_r1960767292)by Dylan:

> Please use the full name: Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU. (No "s" on GPU.)

I personally prefer GPUs because there are multiple cards. @dcbenito, should we really write "GPU"? We should not pluralize trademarks, but "GPU" is a noun following it.

Author: I've changed this to "Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU devices" to keep a plural noun there and avoid the issue of modifying the product name.

  used for both input and destination) and with an execution policy of ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq``, 
  it is required that the provided input and destination iterators are equality comparable.
  Furthermore, the equality comparison of the input and destination iterator must evaluate to true.
  If these conditions are not met, the result of these algorithm calls is undefined.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``exclusive_scan``, ``inclusive_scan``, ``transform_exclusive_scan``,
  ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``reduce_by_segment``
  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment``, and ``transform_reduce``
  with 64-bit data types when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler versions 2021.3 and newer
  and executed on a GPU device. For a workaround, define the ``ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION``

>   macro to ``1`` before including oneDPL header files.

Reviewer: Do we know if there is/will be a driver fix for this issue?

Author: I think this was recently resolved in the driver. @mmichel11 would you please confirm that?

Reviewer 3: It has been fixed.  Do we need to track down the driver version here?  It seems like it was incorporated recently (around the beginning of this year).

Author: Good question. Do we just remove the known issue or mention it in the fixed items with the driver version info similar to what @dmitriy-sobolev has included in the library introduction?

Reviewer 4: This was covering 2 issues I recall:

1. An IGC issue regarding loading of 64-bit types into register memory in the reduce-by-segment implementation. I know this has been recently resolved with a driver fix.
2. An issue regarding `reduce_over_group` with 64-bit types. Looking through internal trackers, it seems this has also been fixed. @SergeyKopienko probably knows more about this issue.

I think we can remove this note and remove the macro in the following release. It was provided to a specific customer and they were notified of the driver fix for `1`.

Author: I've removed the issue.  Thanks.

> - ``std::tuple``, ``std::pair`` cannot be used with SYCL buffers to transfer data between host and device.

Reviewer 3: `std::pair` is also device copyable, given that its types are device copyable. 
I know for a fact that `std::tuple` works.  I'm pretty confident `std::pair` does as well.
Even if this did not currently work, it would seem to be a note for the compiler rather than oneDPL, since it is definitely spec compliant.  I think this should be removed.

> - ``std::tuple``, ``std::pair`` cannot be used with SYCL buffers to transfer data between host and device.

Author: Removed

- ``std::array`` cannot be swapped in DPC++ kernels with ``std::swap`` function or ``swap`` member function

>   in the Microsoft* Visual C++ standard library.

Reviewer: I guess this one is another candidate to be a "permanent" limitation.

Reviewer 3: I think this is correct, but there is also a workaround we could mention here which is to add 
`# define _USE_STD_VECTOR_ALGORITHMS 0` to your code prior to any includes.

Author: The workaround will be included in the note in the introduction.

Reviewer 3: In fact, we still have a "broken" macro within `swap[1].pass` which is stopping us from actually checking this on windows, redundantly with the workaround.  I'll make a PR to remove it.  
I just checked locally and the workaround does work for both.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDPL/pull/2073

  ``replace_copy_if``, ``replace_if``, ``reverse``, ``reverse_copy``, ``rotate``, ``rotate_copy``, ``shift_left``,
  ``shift_right``, ``swap_ranges``, ``transform``, ``transform_if``, and ``upper_bound`` with device policies along with
  the analogous uninitialized memory operations.
- Updated oneDPL use of SYCL to ensure the library is SYCL 2020 compliant.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed an issue with ``drop_view`` in the experimental range-based API.
- Fixed compilation errors in ``find_if`` and ``find_if_not`` with device policies where the user provided predicate is
  device copyable but not trivially copyable.
- Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions when the following algorithms are compiled with -O0 and
  executed on a GPU device: ``copy_if``, ``exclusive_scan``, ``inclusive_scan``, ``partition``, ``partition_copy``,
  ``reduce_by_segment``, ``remove``, ``remove_copy``, ``remove_copy_if``, ``remove_if``, ``sort``, ``stable_partition``,
  ``transform_exclusive_scan``, ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``unique``, and ``unique_copy``.
- Fixed an issue preventing inclusion of the ``<numeric>`` header after ``<execution>`` and ``<algorithm>`` headers.

> - Fixed an issue with range-based ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms on Windows

Author: From dmitriy-sobolev: Unless it affected all Windows configurations, can this note be more specific? @MikeDvorskiy, could you help with that?

Reviewer 2: As far as I understand, this is a fix for an issue introduced after 2022.7 release.
The fix is here: https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDPL/pull/1885
The issue was introduced here: https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDPL/pull/1843

So, I suggest removing the note.

Reviewer: It would also be good to explain something about the issue, so that affected users could relate this note to their problems.

Author: The note is removed.

  algorithms.
- Fixed the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms on devices with sub-group
  sizes smaller than 4.
- Fixed synchronization issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key`` and
  ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel Arc B-Series GPUs.
- Fixed segmentation faults and incorrect results in ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key``,
  and ``partial_sort_copy`` when used with a device policy on a CPU device and compiled with -O0 -g.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V integrated
  graphics with a data sizes of 4-8 million elements.

Existing Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
See oneDPL Guide for other `restrictions and known limitations`_.

- ``histogram`` algorithm requires the output value type to be an integral type no larger than 4 bytes
  when used with an FPGA policy.

> - Compilation issues may be encountered when passing zip iterators to ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` on Windows. 

Author: From @danhoeflinger:
histogram may provide incorrect results with device policies in a program built with -O0 option.
I believe this is still an existing issue. (new in 2022.7.0)

Author: I've added the item.

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.8.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added support of host policies for ``histogram`` algorithms.
- Added support for specification of a size limit for the output range in the range-based ``merge`` algorithm.
- Improved performance of the ``merge`` and sorting algorithms
  (``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key``) that rely on Merge sort [#fnote1]_,
  with device policies for large data sizes.

> - Improved performance of ``set_intersection``, ``set_union``, ``set_difference``, ``set_symmetric_difference``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Improved performance of ``set_intersection``, ``set_union``, ``set_difference``, and ``set_symmetric_difference``
```

  algorithms with device policies.

> - Improved performance of ``reduce_by_segment`` with device policies and executed on a GPU.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Improved performance of ``reduce_by_segment`` with device policies on GPUs.
```

> - Improved performance of ``reduce_by_segment`` with device policies for GPUs with sub-group sizes of 32.

Reviewer 3: Should we just omit the part about subgroup sizes of 32?  Most all cards have this available, and users may not know enough to understand this.

Author: Yes, that's likely too much detail.

Author: Done.

  ``reduce_by_segment``, ``remove``, ``remove_copy``, ``remove_copy_if``, ``remove_if``, ``sort``, ``stable_partition``,
  ``transform_exclusive_scan``, ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``unique``, and ``unique_copy``.
- Fixed an issue preventing inclusion of the ``<numeric>`` header after ``<execution>`` and ``<algorithm>`` headers.
- Fixed an issue with range-based ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms on Windows
- Fixed an issue in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms
  that prevented the use of non-trivially-copyable comparators.
- Fixed kernel name duplication issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key``
  algorithms.
- Fixed the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms on devices with sub-group
  sizes smaller than 4.
- Fixed synchronization issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key`` and
  ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel Arc B-Series GPUs.
- Fixed segmentation faults and incorrect results in ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key``,

>   and ``partial_sort_copy`` when used with a device policy on a CPU device and compiled with -O0 -g.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove that note. The issue was on the compiler side, where it was later fixed. What we have in the introduction is enough.

Author: Done.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V integrated

>   graphics with a data sizes of 4-8 million elements.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  graphics with data sizes of 4-8 million elements.
```

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure what the best way to phrase this issue is. My guess is there is some race condition where the probability of it being exposed increases with input size. Maybe a more generic "with data sizes in the millions of elements" could be an alternative wording.

Author: In this case I think calling out the data range where we've observed the issue is helpful.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms fail to compile
   when using Clang 17 and earlier versions, as well as compilers based on these versions,
   such as Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2023.2.0.

```

creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.8.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added support of host policies for ``histogram`` algorithms.
- Added support for specification of a size limit for the output range in the range-based ``merge`` algorithm.
- Improved performance of the ``merge`` and sorting algorithms
  (``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key``) that rely on Merge sort [#fnote1]_,
  with device policies for large data sizes.
- Improved performance of ``set_intersection``, ``set_union``, ``set_difference``, and ``set_symmetric_difference``
  algorithms with device policies.
- Improved performance of ``reduce_by_segment`` with device policies on GPUs.
- Improved performance of ``adjacent_difference``, ``binary_search``, ``copy``, ``copy_n``, ``fill``, ``fill_n``,
  ``for_each``, ``for_each_n``, ``generate``, ``generate_n``, ``lower_bound``, ``move``, ``replace``, ``replace_copy``,
  ``replace_copy_if``, ``replace_if``, ``reverse``, ``reverse_copy``, ``rotate``, ``rotate_copy``, ``shift_left``,
  ``shift_right``, ``swap_ranges``, ``transform``, ``transform_if``, and ``upper_bound`` with device policies along with

>   the analogous uninitialized memory operations.

Reviewer 3: For the set algorithms, it should be a performance improvement on all GPUs we've tested which support subgroup size 32 including non-intel.  
@mmichel11, I think the same is true of `reduce_by_segment`.  I'm less sure of `parallel_for` based algorithms.  Can you weigh in?

>   the analogous uninitialized memory operations.

Reviewer 4: Yes, for `reduce_by_segment` we see all around improvements. The `parallel_for` improvements primarily target GPU Series Max devices although I have seen smaller improvements in some cases on non-Intel architectures as well.

>   the analogous uninitialized memory operations.

Author: I've applied @akukanov's suggestion to shorten the item.

> - Updated oneDPL use of SYCL to ensure the library is SYCL 2020 compliant.

Author: Done.

> Fixed Issues

Author: I think the list is correct and the issues were observable. There were several issues that had been noted across multiple releases that have finally been resolved that makes the list larger I think.

------------

> - Fixed an issue with ``drop_view`` in the experimental range-based API.

Author: Since the same release notes are included in the oneAPI Toolkit releases and in online pages outside of GitHub we would need to use long form URLs here that I think would make the document harder to read in the local installations.

- Fixed compilation errors in ``find_if`` and ``find_if_not`` with device policies where the user provided predicate is
  device copyable but not trivially copyable.

> - Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions when the following algorithms are compiled with -O0 and

Reviewer 5: Please use code case for ``-O0``.

Author: Done.

> - Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions when the following algorithms are compiled with -O0 and

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect results or synchronous SYCL exceptions when the following algorithms are compiled with ``-O0`` and
```

  executed on a GPU device: ``copy_if``, ``exclusive_scan``, ``inclusive_scan``, ``partition``, ``partition_copy``,
  ``reduce_by_segment``, ``remove``, ``remove_copy``, ``remove_copy_if``, ``remove_if``, ``sort``, ``stable_partition``,

>   ``transform_exclusive_scan``, ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``unique``, and ``unique_copy``.

Author: I don't think the list is important, and the shorter form is easier to read.  I've applied the suggestion.

- Fixed an issue preventing inclusion of the ``<numeric>`` header after ``<execution>`` and ``<algorithm>`` headers.
- Fixed an issue with range-based ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms on Windows
- Fixed an issue in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms
  that prevented the use of non-trivially-copyable comparators.
- Fixed kernel name duplication issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key``
  algorithms.
- Fixed the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms on devices with sub-group

>   sizes smaller than 4.

Reviewer 5: Please spell out 4 (four). Unless we are referencing a specific version or other specific number, we spell out numbers 1-10 in the documentation.

Author: Done

>   sizes smaller than 4.

Author: ```suggestion
  sizes smaller than four.
```

- Fixed synchronization issues in the ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key``, ``stable_sort_by_key`` and

>   ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel Arc B-Series GPUs.

Reviewer 5: Please use the full name: Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU. (No "s" on GPU.)

We also need to add: _Intel, the Intel logo, and Arc are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries._ to our Notices and Disclaimers page. I can create a PR for that tomorrow.

>   ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel Arc B-Series GPUs.

Author: ```suggestion
  ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU.
```

>   ``histogram`` algorithms. These issues were known to affect Intel® Arc™ B-series GPU.

Author: I've grouped the updates into a nested list.  Please take a look to see if that looks ok @akukanov @dcbenito

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V integrated

Reviewer 5: In this instance, please use "Intel® Arc™ graphics" (the "g" is lowercase).

Author: Done.

> - Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V integrated

Author: ```suggestion
- Incorrect results may be observed when calling ``sort`` with a device policy on Intel® Arc™ graphics 140V integrated
```

>   graphics with data sizes of 4-8 million elements.

Reviewer: > Intel® Arc™ graphics 140V integrated graphics
Is this the official name? Sounds a bit repetitive.

Also, do we usually mention data sizes in the "known issues"? I am not objecting, just wondering if this is an important piece of information.

Reviewer 4: "Intel® Arc™ Graphics 140V" is the official name we should use here.

Author: I've corrected the name and left the data sizes.

>  - ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms fail to compile
>    when using Clang 17 and earlier versions, as well as compilers based on these versions,
>    such as Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2023.2.0.

Reviewer 2: Indentation fix:
```suggestion
- ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms fail to compile
  when using Clang 17 and earlier versions, as well as compilers based on these versions,
  such as Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2023.2.0.
```

Existing Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
See oneDPL Guide for other `restrictions and known limitations`_.

> - ``histogram`` algorithm requires the output value type to be an integral type no larger than 4 bytes

Reviewer 5: Please spell out 4 (four).

Author: Done.

> - ``histogram`` algorithm requires the output value type to be an integral type no larger than 4 bytes

Author: ```suggestion
- ``histogram`` algorithm requires the output value type to be an integral type no larger than four bytes
```

  when used with an FPGA policy.

> - ``histogram`` may provide incorrect results with device policies in a program built with -O0 option.

Reviewer 5: Please use code case for ``-O0``.

Author: Done.

> - ``histogram`` may provide incorrect results with device policies in a program built with -O0 option.

Author: ```suggestion
- ``histogram`` may provide incorrect results with device policies in a program built with ``-O0`` option.
```

  If these conditions are not met, the result of these algorithm calls is undefined.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``exclusive_scan``, ``inclusive_scan``, ``transform_exclusive_scan``,
  ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``reduce_by_segment``
  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment``, and ``transform_reduce``
  with 64-bit data types when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler versions 2021.3 and newer
  and executed on a GPU device. For a workaround, define the ``ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION``
  macro to ``1`` before including oneDPL header files.
- ``std::tuple``, ``std::pair`` cannot be used with SYCL buffers to transfer data between host and device.
- ``std::array`` cannot be swapped in DPC++ kernels with ``std::swap`` function or ``swap`` member function
  in the Microsoft* Visual C++ standard library.

> - The ``oneapi::dpl::experimental::ranges::reverse`` algorithm is not available with ``-fno-sycl-unnamed-lambda`` option.

Reviewer: Is this still the case? If yes, can we add a task to address this?

Author: @MikeDvorskiy would you please confirm and open a task if needed?

Reviewer 2: Let me backup Mike as he is not expected to be available today.

The issue was fixed in 2021.5 release according to https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDPL/pull/272#discussion_r648085006.
Also, I have not managed to reproduce it.

Author: I've removed the note.  Thanks, @dmitriy-sobolev.

- STL algorithm functions (such as ``std::for_each``) used in DPC++ kernels do not compile with the debug version of

>   the Microsoft* Visual C++ standard library.

Reviewer: Is this a permanent issue which we cannot fix or workaround? Maybe move it into the library guide?

Author: It certainly seems to be.  I've moved it to the library guide.

- ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``sort_by_key`` and ``stable_sort_by_key`` algorithms fail to compile
  when using Clang 17 and earlier versions, as well as compilers based on these versions,
  such as Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2023.2.0.

> - When compiling several algorithms with device execution policies, both the host and device compilation passes must be

Author: Should this be more general to point out the possible issue with the clang++ driver, or is it important to list the algorithms where we have a workaround in place to expose this issue? I would suggest the following general wording:

> When compiling code that uses device policies with the open source oneAPI DPC++ Compiler (clang++ driver) synchronous SYCL runtime exceptions regarding unfound kernels may be encountered unless and optimization flag is specified -- e.g., ``-O1`` -- instead of relying on the compiler's default optimization level.

Reviewer 4: I adopted a more general wording with a few small changes from your suggestion.
